space-age/README.md, before:

# Space Age

Given an age in seconds, calculate how old someone would be on:

   - Earth: orbital period 365.25 Earth days, or 31557600 seconds
   - Mercury: orbital period 0.2408467 Earth years
   - Venus: orbital period 0.61519726 Earth years
   - Mars: orbital period 1.8808158 Earth years
   - Jupiter: orbital period 11.862615 Earth years
   - Saturn: orbital period 29.447498 Earth years
   - Uranus: orbital period 84.016846 Earth years
   - Neptune: orbital period 164.79132 Earth years

So if you were told someone were 1,000,000,000 seconds old, you should
be able to say that they're 31.69 Earth-years old.

If you're wondering why Pluto didn't make the cut, go watch [this
youtube video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_2gbGXzFbs).


## Source

Partially inspired by Chapter 1 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01)

## Submitting Incomplete Solutions
It's possible to submit an incomplete solution so you can see how others have completed the exercise.

Commit message:

added resistor-color and space-age

space-age/README.md, after:

# Space Age

Given an age in seconds, calculate how old someone would be on:

   - Earth: orbital period 365.25 Earth days, or 31557600 seconds
   - Mercury: orbital period 0.2408467 Earth years
   - Venus: orbital period 0.61519726 Earth years
   - Mars: orbital period 1.8808158 Earth years
   - Jupiter: orbital period 11.862615 Earth years
   - Saturn: orbital period 29.447498 Earth years
   - Uranus: orbital period 84.016846 Earth years
   - Neptune: orbital period 164.79132 Earth years

So if you were told someone were 1,000,000,000 seconds old, you should
be able to say that they're 31.69 Earth-years old.

If you're wondering why Pluto didn't make the cut, go watch [this
youtube video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_2gbGXzFbs).

## Running the tests

To run the tests, run the command `dotnet test` from within the exercise directory.

Initially, only the first test will be enabled. This is to encourage you to solve the exercise one step at a time.
Once you get the first test passing, remove the `Skip` property from the next test and work on getting that test passing.
Once none of the tests are skipped and they are all passing, you can submit your solution 
using `exercism submit SpaceAge.cs`

## Further information

For more detailed information about the C# track, including how to get help if
you're having trouble, please visit the exercism.io [C# language page](http://exercism.io/languages/csharp/resources).

## Source

Partially inspired by Chapter 1 in Chris Pine's online Learn to Program tutorial. [http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01](http://pine.fm/LearnToProgram/?Chapter=01)
